Update README.md (#1)
Azure/azure-functions-kafka-extension-sample-confluent: README.md

* [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=windows%2Ccsharp%2Cbash)
* [Azure Account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/) and access to [Azure Portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/) OR [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/get-started-with-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)
* [Confluent Cloud Account](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/confluentinc.confluent-cloud-kafka-service-azure?tab=Overview)
Confluent Cloud is a fully managed pay-as-you-go Kafka service. Confluent Cloud integrates with your Azure billing account.

## Steps to set up 

### Setup the Kafka Cluster 

After you create a Confluent Cloud account follow these [steps](https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/cloud-quickstart/index.html#cloud-quickstart) to get set up. Some of the main ones are also highlighted below.

> * Log into in your Confluent Cloud account and create a new Kafka cluster. You should provision a cluster in the Azure region that you will run your Functions App in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log into in your Confluent Cloud account and create a new Kafka cluster. To minimize your data transfer costs, you should provision a cluster in the same Azure region where your Functions App will run.
```
